Asahi
Let your people release the news
Just say
Diyun Group wants to develop and build land in Nancheng
Entertainment Prime Minister
Fan Ting, thanks to you this time, it's for you.
Not only did they negotiate the project
And talk about profits so high
All of a sudden, our Ye family came back to life
Zhenfu Building is to bring guns to the past
That's great. Wanting is capable.
Successfully helped the Ye family through this crisis
Actually, this time?
Who is it really thanks to for the success of cooperation?
Without him assisting me in my work
In fact, this time
It is also difficult to make progress in restoring the work of the group
What a talented woman
I bah
What do you mean?
Oh, you're so stubborn
If I remember correctly
Someone is going to hand over all the shares in the night market, right?
Who is it? Who wants to pay?
Don't be bloody
Ok stop arguing
What about Wanting, save our leaf armor this time?
Just like admitting defeat
Put your equity transfer contract to your satisfaction